This UML to OpenAPI Mapping Tool is developed according to the mapping rules defined in ONF TR-543 v1.0-info (UML to OpenAPI Mapping Guidelines).

Running the UML-OpenAPI mapping tool takes the following steps:

1.You need to have JDK7 environment，either Windows or Linux is OK.  If no JDK on your machine, please download and install it. And don’t forget to configure $JAVA_HOME,$CLASSPATH and $PATH. Here is a reference URL for JDK: http://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/webnotes/install/index.html

2.Then you can download the tools at https://github.com/OpenNetworkingFoundation/EAGLE-Open-Model-Profile-and-Tools/tree/ToolChain/UmlOpenApiTools

3.Open the terminal window in your system. If it’s Windows, run "cmd" to open the command line window.

4.In the command line, go to the directory you put "mapping tool". The uml files should be copied to the same folder where you put the "mapping tool". Note that if “a.uml” depends on other files, they need to be copied to the folder as well.

5.The user can use the following command under this directory to run this tool:   

Run Example 1:     java -jar uml2json.jar  $inPath     $outPath  $subfixFlag

Run Example 2:     java -jar uml2json.jar  $inPath     $outPath

Run Example 3:     java -jar uml2json.jar  $inOutPath  $subfixFlag

Run Example 4:     java -jar uml2json.jar  $inOutPath

$inPath: The parent directory of uml files  e.g.  d:/sourceDir     

$outPath: Json file output path   e.g.  d:/targetDir

$inOutPath: Use same path for input and output

$subfixFlag: Force to add subfix '-c' for ObjectClass?  (fixed value:yes)

6.After running the tool, the xxx.json files will be generated by the mapping tool.
